This isn't a battle between
might and science, Tsukasa.
Might is science.
Do you know the ancient
Greek word for "power"?
It's "dynamite."
How magnificent.
Let's negotiate, Tsukasa.
She's alive, isn't she, Tsukasa?
Your sister, I mean.
We might be able to heal her.
With the peripheral healing effect
of reviving from petrification.
We're offering one chance
to revive your sister.
In exchange, we want a truce.
Mirai...
Wait, Senku!
Mirai-chan's naked!
No!
You can't revive her now!
Here we go with your absurd nonsense.
We're in an emergency, in the stone world!
Who cares if you're buck naked
or if your peepee's showing?
You really like this plot twist, don't you?
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-m!
We'll figure it out once we wake her up—
Is this about the right size?
That was fast!
All set, Senku-kun.
Holy crap!
Wow!
Th-The stone statue's cracking apart.
It's turning into a real person.
Right, the villagers haven't seen this yet.
The problem is what happens next.
Please.
If it heals Mirai-chan's insides the
same way it fixed Senku-kun's neck
when the petrification was undone...
The revival fluid has practically
been smacking people
out of ten billion percent
certain brain death.
It's not going to have trouble putting
together another brain or two.
Where am I?
I...
Mirai...
Nii-san?
You've gotten old.
You look good, though.
How many years have I been asleep?
Six years.
No...
Several thousand years, Mirai.
He kept fighting, knowing there was no cure.
For years and years...
You've been waiting, haven't you, Tsukasa?
For this moment, for all this time.
Humanity's Strongest Tag Team
All right!
Let's gather our belongings and return to
the village, where the others are waiting!
Yeah!
Mirai-kun.
You have lots of rocks on you.
They're doing a disservice to your beauty.
You should go wash your face
at the river over there.
Senku...
We're missing some dynamite.
We used a ton.
Of course we're going to be off by a little.
Yo, I'm the king of materials for a reason.
This is one thing I don't get wrong.
If someone stole it, I would have heard it.
If there's anyone who could have
fooled my ears, as far as I know...
He would be the only one.
Huh?
Mantle's supposed to be in charge
of watching Homura's cell.
He's gone again.
He's always slacking.
This...
This is bad!
Damn it, what the hell?!
Busted already!
Damn, I figured out how to
take the high ground again.
I just need to go abduct Chrome again.
I'm the only one who knows
where Chrome ran off to.
Senku's main base must be
somewhere in that direction.
That's it!
Seriously? That only took me a few seconds!
I've still got it, man!
Homura...
Yo.
Contact Hyoga-sama.
Free me when the time is right.
Hyoga-sama's true objective...
What?!
Was that an accident?!
No, it wasn't.
That sounded like...
Where was it from?
The miracle cave.
Get back!
Has anyone been caught underneath?
Report!
The miracle water's buried!
Now we can't make any more science weapons!
It's Homura.
But why did he attack the miracle cave?
Homura-chan doesn't do anything on his own.
Not without someone's instructions.
Whose?
Who else?
What?
What is it, Senku?
Hurry, everyone!
An explosion?
Why?
I'll go check it out.
Get away from there!
Mirai! Tsukasa!
Whether I'd tried to sneak in from
behind or attack you in your sleep,
I could never erase you, the strongest
high school primate, Shishio Tsukasa.
So long as there was nothing
for you to protect, that is.
I was the one who was waiting.
This whole time...
For this moment.
Senku...
Nii-san!
Senku!
Tsukasa!
Wait, Kohaku!
The current is too fast.
And look.
Let me go, Father!
There's no way you'll find them underwater.
Let's go.
We'll find them downstream by the river.
I pierced Tsukasa-kun's chest.
It's fatal.
You won't be able to save him.
W-Wait, hang on!
I've already confirmed that
the river leads to here.
Yeah, I'm sure you did, Hyoga.
There's no way you would have taken
the risk of jumping in the river.
Indeed.
I wanted to make sure Tsukasa-kun
couldn't get in my way
before I talked to you in private.
What are you, a middle schooler
meeting me behind the
school building to confess to me?
Sadly, I'm already married.
Wait, I'm divorced.
I don't have a single thing
to talk to you about.
I'd expect so.
But I'd like you to hear what I have to say.
Whether I get you to act
by persuasion or by torture
doesn't make much of a difference.
Tsukasa-kun and I were in agreement
on our fundamental belief:
that the petrification phenomenon that rained
down on this planet thousands of years ago
was to select certain humans...
To thin us out.
Oh?
That's a ten billion percent
un-exhilarating idea.
Don't forget that unjustified
personal theories are nothing
but jokes in the world of science.
Let's dispense with the platitudes, Senku-kun.
I'm sure you're well aware.
There's absolutely no way that this
planet can sustain seven billion people.
Then who is to live on?
Hyoga, what do you think?
It's the lives of the young, who have
a future, that should have priority.
We can dismiss the the established powers
who do nothing but take from
the young have-nots and create a new world.
High-and-mighty Tsukasa-kun
was aspiring to a shangri-la,
where no one takes from one another.
I don't have a shred of
interest in such a thing.
If we're left with nothing
but brain-dead youths,
we'd still be taken from
in order to keep them fed.
What's needed is a selection.
We must allow only the elite
of this world to survive.
The mediocre must all perish.
That's the most logical answer, is it not?
We, humanity, were given that
chance by the petrification—
Yeah, that's so incredibly logical.
It's logical, but it isn't exhilarating.
If we can't sustain seven billion people,
all seven billion of us will look for a
way to sustain all seven billion people.
That's the way science does things.
Indeed, Senku-kun, your scientific
abilities are impressive.
I know you can make nitric acid,
even if it takes time.
Let's conquer the world and select
the right people for humanity.
The two of us could form
an unstoppable tag team.
Your answer is "yes."
Until you say that, you'll lose one finger at a time.
After that, your legs.
I told you, didn't I?
You don't have a choice.
Get back, damn it!
Stay away from me!
How embarrassing.
It's too late for this, Senku-kun.
It seems I overestimated you a bit.
Shut up!
But I'll promise you one thing:
you will never be in danger again.
I betrayed our promise once before.
And yet, you kept yours.
It's my turn to uphold my end of our promise.
This time, I won't let harm
come to you ever again.
Because from now on, I'll be fighting!
That only means I need to
take you both out together.
Now that my only equal in this
world is on his last legs,
I am the strongest of the primates.
Hyoga is saying that to break our spirits,
but what he says about the
state of our battle is true.
Yeah, I bet.
It's definitely true if you say so, Tsukasa.
Let's fight together, Senku.
Yeah.
Let's tag-team this guy.
We're going to murder him
with science and might.
This is exhilarating!
They're chatting to buy time
as they discuss their plans.
Not that I'm going to wait for them.
A wounded boar and a man
with no fighting abilities
would make for the weakest
tag team in all mankind.
I'm keeping my eye on you, too, Senku-kun.
Your eleven!
Gunpowder!
The dude's a freak.
Now he's coming for me,
without missing a beat.
I can use science to kill
you with one finger!
Only a primitive would fall for
such a brain-dead bluff, Senku-kun.
Tsukasa-kun, you have no
chance against me right now.
I'm sure you've known from the beginning
that the hole in your lung is fatal.
Yeah, you're right.
So why do you struggle?
Your fate has long been sealed.
I don't know, either.
Maybe I was motivated to fight for as long
as I could because that's
just how much fun it was.
We got to fight together
fleetingly, in the end.
Is that so?
Well, that's very unfortunate.
Your fun is about to end.
Yeah, it's over.
A bandage over his finger?
Where I cut it?
I told you.
I can use science to murder
you with the tip of my finger.
I see...
That flame earlier...
How did you light it so quickly?
Primitive science isn't all bad.
If these were lithium batteries,
your jab would have blown me up.
Manganese batteries are tough enough
to be both a weapon and a shield.
How?!
From where?!
When did you construct such a thing?!
Have you forgotten already?
Hyoga, you were the one who was kind
enough to deliver the materials to me.
Hook some batteries up to the
thin wire coil from a cell phone,
and you get a high-voltage transformer.
It's the birth of a 100,000-volt stun gun.
I had fun, too, Tsukasa...
tag-teaming with you.
Enjoy the gift of science,
from Tsukasa and me.
Wretched science...
Next Episode
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.